doc: prepare new release 3.1.2 (#3637)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

## 3.1.2 / 2020-09-25

### New Features

- Start showing members in the mention suggestions right away

> - Keep only chosen TLMs in notification panel.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable some notifications types by default to unclutter the notification wall.
```

### Fixed Issues

- Mention: [#3631](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3631)

## Known Issues

- Editing out a mention does not remove its associated metadata, which leads to an error when saving the document being edited in app text documents (issue [#3640](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3640)
- Clicking on a notification sometimes does not correctly open the associated content (issue [#3578](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3578))

### Other Changes

> - New parameters `web.notifications.excluded` added in `development.ini.sample` to define what you want to exclude in notifications panel. You need to update your configuration file manually on existing installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New parameter `web.notifications.excluded` added in `development.ini.sample` to define what you want to exclude in notifications panel. There is no need to update your configuration file on existing installations if you want to keep the default set of excluded notifications.
```

Author: This is a good idea to explain what is necessary like this. I very like this approach.
